God. another day.
Another damn day.
Today is Thursday.
Thank God.
That can't be.
That can't be me.
Do you know what's so bad about being old?
The rest of the world sees you as completely harmless. and that sucks.
That's what bothers me most about being old.
Bad news and funerals. That's what old age looks like.
Fresh meat is here!
Very young and innocent things!
Hey Mazas. you might like these cute ones too.
So. are you coming along?
No. Sit down and have a drink.
-Are you inviting me? -No.
So. what about you? It's Thursday again. isn't it?
He wears a scarf around his neck and smells like pudding.
Show some respect. Peji.
Oh. He's a soldier. just like me.
-Nevertheless. -Soldiers can handle strong words.
You have no sense of tact. Peji.
That's why he despises you.
And now leave us alone.
Oh. I
Please accept my sincerest apologies. Sergeant.
I'm going on safari now.
This idiot doesn't eat anything for half a month.
and prefers to spend his pension on prostitutes.
Truly sad.
According to!
I'm so glad to see you.
My guardian angel.
-How are you? -I'm fine. And you?
—I'm doing great. Thank you. —Very nice.
I have planned a wonderful day with you.
-Honestly? -Yes! Of course!
And I'm going to prepare a breakfast for you that will blow your mind.
-I can hardly wait. —Did you know I can cook?
-No. -Oh. absolutely fantastic.
Really?
You could say I'm the Jamie Oliver of...
-Hey! —Hello. my love!
-Everything okay? -Hello.
-Who is that? -My girlfriend.
According to!
Rust.
Do you like it? I'm wearing it for the first time.
I can put on a different one if you...
No. no. No. it's perfect.
It's perfect.
Sit down. the waffles are ready.
Do I really look like your wife?
-Your ass is a little fatter. -Come on!
Hey. hey. h6)'-
Come on. Relax.
Wow. you really love this shit. huh?
Be careful. that will give you diabetes.
High blood pressure. No.
In the worst case. psoriasis.
That's unbelievable. I mean. it's exactly the same dress.
that she was wearing when I first saw her.
She was pretty. wasn't she?
My God.
She had a small shop. just around the corner from my base.
And I kept coming up with new excuses.
to visit them on my day off.
I always found her behind her machine. you know?
She breathed entirely new life into old. dead objects.
She took something
He took something ugly and worn out and made something beautiful out of it.
Just like you.
Thanks.
When I first mustered up the courage to talk to her.
so. actually talking to her.
I sewed this dress.
The dress you are currently wearing.
"That's a really pretty dress."
And she downplayed the compliment.
by making fun of my uniform.
She didn't have much regard for the military.
Especially not for the American one. But I said to her:
"You don't need to worry." I mean.
I'm not a typical soldier. I'm just a Supply Sergeant.
What is this? What is a Supply Sergeant?
That's a guy.
who is too much of a wimp to be a real soldier.
My goodness. That's why I hang out with you.
—That's what she said. —No. Come on.
But.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if every day were Thursday?
According to.
I missed you.
Eat your waffles.
-I want to thank you. -For what?
To remind me who I once was.
Who I could have been.
Theo. if it weren't for you. I wouldn't be able to bear this at all.
You know. the street.
Hey. let's do something different next Thursday.
-Anything else? -Yes.
—What? —I want to invite you to dinner.
Wait. Wait. wait. wait.
You want to invite me to dinner?
Why?
I'm going to a party with three lawyers.
And I do a little something extra there.
Without the tiger knowing it.
Clear?
Speak of the devil...
Get lost. tiger.
Beautiful. As always.
God protect you. my angel.
Goodbye.
THE GENTLEMAN
I thought I'd give it a try. but of course you're not here right now.
Well. but if we're being honest.
You were never really there.
I should have listened to my gut feeling.
Your own fault.
And now I'm waiting for you. and I don't even know why.
Do you think the breasts are real?
No. but that's rigor mortis.
If this is a prostitute. it's clear how she died.
She choked while swallowing.
Good morning. Commissioner. Good morning. Commissioner.
Shit. what happened to her?
What does the public prosecutor's office say?
A dead girl found in this area is presumably a prostitute.
which means there is no particular hurry.
She has marks on her neck.
Blood in vagina and anus.
Anyone can kill a prostitute.
Nobody gives a damn about us.
A latte. please.
For me. it's the same as always.
Did she have trouble with her pimp?
No.
Olga brought him the most money.
If he hadn't been satisfied. he would have gotten another one.
Did she mention any customers?
From her last one. yes.
That's his car's license plate number.
She sent it to me when she left the old town.
So we tried to protect each other.
But as you can see. it didn't help.
Did she say anything about the driver of the car?
No.
Except there were three guys.
They wanted to pay her 600 euros.
She was so happy about it.
Understand.
Does she have family or anyone we should inform?
She only had me and the old man.
You mean her father?
He was a friend.
No fuss.
I will tell him.
They strangled her.
But first
They have their belongings...
You know what I mean.
Just for fun.
I have a license plate.
A friend of mine.
well. a customer.
can easily locate the owner.
That's why I came here.
Did you hear?
Are you listening to me?
I'm sorry. Tina.
Was?
Don't you want to do anything at all?
I'm sorry.
You wankers are all the same.
Fuck you.
Fuck you!
Stop!
You little faggot!
-Hey! -You're forcing me to run?
-Hey! -Just you wait. you wanker.
-You let flat races? -Hey!
-Leave him alone! —What do you want?
Okay. okay! —Don't interfere. asshole.
You should go and see the sights. Grandpa.
Sefior. are you injured?
-Are you American? -I'm okay.
-English? -Thank you.
-Come. -No. no. I'm fine.
-I want to help you. -I'm fine.
You can't just lie here.
Come.
Show me the wound.
Please. Come.
How come...
It's a disgrace how they treat us.
We are nothing but garbage.
Migrants. prostitutes. senior citizens. nobody cares about them.
But she does.
Nobody dares to stand up to them.
That was truly noble. He was barking up the wrong tree with you.
Here.
I don't want to take up any more of your time. Thank you for everything.
Hey. I can really keep you entertained for that much money.
You already have that.
I always see you down in the old town.
But I never see you leaving with a girl.
I'm downstairs in the bar having a drink with friends.
Do you never feel lonely?
The name.
Hey. watch out.
Here.
Name and address.
That's the scumbag who killed her.
Did you hire this woman?
Yes. I have.
Something tells me something has happened!
Serious matters are my specialty.
Would you be so kind as to tell us.
What exactly did you do on Saturday evening?
-Is she dead? -Is that it?
Could you please answer my question?
First. answer one question for me.
Could it be that the girl noted down the license plate number of one of my cars?
and passed it on to someone?
It makes sense to me that this is a safeguard against unwanted customers.
It's supposed to be. but unfortunately it significantly violates my privacy.
Listen. Sefior Pallares. if you don't feel comfortable here.
to answer any questions
We can gladly take care of that at the station.
Are you threatening me?
So. I love threats.
May I?
I have the pleasure of pursuing my passion for big game hunting.
to share with the Attorney General.
Here he is. You probably know him.
I remember some advice he once gave me.
"Only pull the trigger of your rifle when..."
"If you have the right target in your sights."
A wise man. indeed.
I sent someone to pick up the girl.
Around eleven o'clock in the evening. Give or take.
Where. then?
I think that was in the old town. Yes.
We went to a motel together.
One of those with private parking spaces.
where no one can see who is coming and going.
Well. you can imagine the rest. right?
Yes. When did you leave the room again?
Around one o'clock in the morning. Give or take.
And where did you go then?
Well. I wanted to bring her back to the city.
But she insisted
that I let them out near the "Midnight" discotheque.
Did she say why?
No. But I assume she was looking for more customers.
And was there anyone else with you that night besides the girl?
Yes. of course. My bodyguards. as always.
But they stayed outside. They didn't participate in the party.
They're good boys. You can talk to them without worry.
We will. don't worry.
Olga. the girl you hired.
told a friend she was spending the night with three lawyers.
Well. maybe she wanted to show off a little.
So then...
I truly appreciate our conversation.
But I still have a busy day ahead.
Excuse me.
Pallaräs.
Sefior Pallaräs. if you don't mind.
Of course.
Why do you actually need bodyguards?
You never know. am I right?
It's not for nothing that they say bad things come from behind.
Not true?
You first.
Pallaräs says he dropped her off at the "Midnight" club.
Olga worked in the old town.
Had she appeared anywhere else. the pimps would have taken it as a declaration of war.
They were caught by the competition and most likely beaten to death.
Vodka or gin for you?
Coffee. We're on duty.
You mean. like the hip flask that's always on duty in your waistband?
The hip flask is none of your business. Puertas.
-Two coffees. Paco. -Okay. Coming right up.
Who is Olga's pimp?
Paco.
He is known as "the Tiger".
There are nine witnesses who claim he was with them on the night of the crime.
Furthermore. pimps do not destroy their sources of income.
That's the only thing they don't do with them.
He didn't ask how she died.
Normally. when someone dies. people want to know all the details.
So. what's the plan? Let's continue investigating for another week.
before we file the matter away as an unsolvable case?
It's like that prostitute Tina said.
Nobody cares about her.
But you are interested.
Why do you say that?
You threatened Pallares. So it's not a matter of indifference to you.
Well. sometimes a woman just has no other choice.
To be a bitch. yes.
Only sometimes?
Is there any news about your husband?
Since I'm such a bitch. maybe you can understand my husband?
Bitch: Yes. Understand: Unfortunately not.
He hadn't been home for days.
And when I call. it goes to voicemail.
GAS - SMOKING AND ENTRY WITH OPEN FLAME PROHIBITED
Okay. Drive in.
What do you want. Grandpa?
Do you like the chalet?
I just want to go for a walk.
He's some fucking foreigner.
I do not understand.
"Don't understand." "Don't understand."
"Do not understand?"
Then you'd better learn our language quickly.
Because you're going to tell me what the hell
You want from Sefior Pallaräs. you wanker!
He's definitely a paid informant!
Is that so?
You're being paid to snoop around here?
Stay calm. Endure the pain.
That's all that matters when you're old.
Tell me. who the hell is paying you?
Or they'll find you here tomorrow.
with your blood-soaked. filthy face covered in blowflies.
Wait a minute. Come on. let's finish this.
That jerk doesn't understand you. Come on.
Stupid asshole.
Goodbye. Grandpa.
You're not 20 anymore.
You're acting like Clint East/Nood. and you see what happened.
Besides. she wasn't the love of your life. was she?
You can go to hell. Do you hear me?
I'm not a child. Stop lecturing me. damn it.
You know. I could have become a big star.
Franco Nero said that when we were filming "The Feared Two".
But here I am. sitting and drinking Carajillo.
while cancer slowly eats me away.
And can you hear me whining?
It would be no use.
I can only accept it and move on.
I have no other choice.
Gentleman...
I see it differently.
Don't mess it up.
PALACE OF JUSTICE
Was?
No. you didn't quite understand me.
I want the money by Monday evening.
Oh yeah? I don't care.
I don't give a damn! Fuck you. you stupid wanker!
Bring it on.
I have no idea who that guy is. but I'd like to be him.
Not tonight.
Hey.
Here is...
It's me again.
I know that's...
...that's kind of sick.
You're not coming back anyway.
I still don't know how to deal with that.
I'll get out again. but I assure you.
I will.
Step by step.
And you know.
What will be the first thing?
To get rid of your smell.
And do you know why?
Because I've missed you since you left.
I smell it everywhere. It's driving me crazy.
It's really driving me crazy.
Well. maybe...
Maybe you are
That's exactly what I need.
A shitty disease.
Hey!
Take that.
See you tomorrow at nine.
I have no idea who the hell you are.
But I'm sure we can reach an agreement.
Let me go. There's a thousand euros in the glove compartment.
You pocket it and disappear through the back door.
Can you hear me?
Was?
Listen. you miserable bastard.
It is important that you understand every word I say.
Because your life depends on it.
Can you hear me loud and clear?
Yes. I understand you very well.
Give me your phone.
All my contacts are in there.
If I give it to you. I'm finished.
Let's make a deal. Look.
Do you see?
Look at the watch. You can have it if you want.
Keep your damn watch.
You call every one of those assholes now.
who helped you kill the girl.
-You lunatic. I didn't kill anyone. -Shut your mouth!
Forget about trying to talk your way out of this.
OkaY-
Speakers on.
Yes. Okay.
Boss. ready for the next one? What are you in the mood for?
No. I was just thinking about what happened last night.
I think what we did was wrong.
-I know what I'm doing. -Yes!
But it won't let me go.
I can't stop thinking about it.
Antofiito Diaz Pallares suddenly discovers that he has a heart?
At least tell me that it escalated and I wasn't responsible for it.
Okay?
It slipped out of your and that idiot Ledesma's fingers.
The truth is. the prostitute screamed too loudly.
You heard it.
You got what you came for.
What now? Are you going to kill me?
That wouldn't be very smart. I have about two kilos of coke at home.
It all belongs to you.
Come on. with that you can fuck as many whores as you want. Right?
Olga.
Was?
That was the girl's name. Olga. Say it.
Olga.
Yes. that was her name.
No!
Come on! Stop resisting.
They will come from everywhere
and look for me.
After an old man.
But what they will find is an assassin.
The winter hibernation is over.
We found one of my lawyers dead. Murdered.
I want you to take a look at it. Maybe you'll find something.
And if so. bring it directly to me. Okay?
Don't tell me you have to work on that exact day.
on which I will come to you!
It seems someone has messed up some balance sheets.
And that needs to be sorted out by Monday.
Do you believe in karma. Commissioner?
No.
Life is too good for bastards.
This bastard here has bigwigs. rich entrepreneurs.
and occasionally defended drug dealers.
People you'd better not mess with.
Who did you pick a fight with. Sefior Pallaräs?
With the tiger?
The tiger...
We should have his phone checked.
Maybe we'll find something spicy.
"Something spicy"...
No. stop it!
Oh. look at that.
If that isn't my favorite Mexican restaurant. I don't know what is.
I'll come right away.
How are you. Turön?
Gut.
Honestly.
I woke up this morning in a pretty bad mood.
But after my daily gymnastics. I feel refreshed and lively again.
The poor boy.
Oh. come on. And how are you?
—How are things going in exile? —Good.
-Have you finally found a disguise? -Well...
It is said that married men arouse less suspicion.
But don't ask me why.
I'm working on that. I'm currently dating a woman. and...
Oh. really? So? She's hot. I suppose!
Do you know...
Oh. I see. I know what you're going to say.
Namely. that true beauty comes from within. right?
-Correct. -I wish you all the best.
Paper?
Absolutely disgusting. My goodness.
-Here you are. —Thank you.
I am grateful for what you have done.
—That's my job. —No. No.
Yes. it's my job.
No. but you didn't just do a job.
And
I just want you to know that I understand that.
Should you ever need anything. dial 0800-Turön.
Okay? Okay. All right.
And have you heard anything from Mexico?
Well. the gong is still ringing.
They've given you a nickname by now.
Oh. yes? Which one?
-Herod. —Ah. Herod.
—That's a good nickname. —Yes. sure.
Better than the stupid name you gave yourself.
—Jorge Bustos... -No. No. no.
It reads:
Pedro Bustos.
-Pedro. -Pedro Bustos.
Pedro. "Don't fool me"-Pedro.
There's something else.
They've sent someone after you.
We don't know who it is yet. but don't worry.
I'll find that out.
—Just relax. —Thank you.
The absolute least you can do now is to keep a low profile.
When something like today's shit happens.
I'm telling you this to entertain you.
Did you find anything out in the Pallaräs case?
Shit. What a mess.
Because of the prostitutes they killed?
Yes.
The bodyguards I assigned to them disposed of their body.
And they picked up some old man who had been chasing Pallares.
A foreigner. Probably American.
No.
A gringo.
They caught him and gave him a good beating.
It was thrown into a garbage container and set on fire.
Perhaps the gringo was angry because he had to masturbate again.
Maybe. Bring him to me.
—Take one of my men and... —No. I work alone.
I'm not asking you!
"I work alone!" —That's not even a question!
You're taking chapas with you.
-Chapas. Seriously? -Yes.
-Chapas is a fellow countryman. so... —Oh. shit.
Be wild.
unpredictable and more loyal than a dog.
Does he know who I am?
—What did I do? —Of course not.
Nobody here knows who you are.
Herod is a legend.
A horror story.
Damn it. I'm so pissed off.
You've got some serious balls. man.
Tell me already.
How do you feel?
I feel...
I feel better than I have in years.
-I'm alive again. -Very good.
Yes. and how did you kill him?
Her throat was slit.
Shit. gentleman.
You're such a lovely guy. but woe betide you if you get angry.
Then "Good night".
And that wasn't all. I'll also
kill the other two assholes who killed Olga.
That's right.
You're the damn Lee Marvin. my friend.
But these assholes are dangerous.
I mean. really very dangerous.
I will need your help.
Can I count on you?
Yes. of course you can count on me.
Count me in.
She told me about a lawyer. but there were three.
She wanted to earn money. but unfortunately she wouldn't lend me any of it.
Had she told me. I would have protected her too.
He had to borrow money from Olga.
Did you know that one of the lawyers was found dead?
Oh my goodness!
But who would ever want to kill a lawyer?
Yes. very funny.
Is it true that Olga had an older boyfriend?
An older man?
Theo. He is American.
That guy has already lent me a lot of money for her.
Mind you. only to talk to her.
And where does he live?
Damn gringo.
Nothing.
Hey Pedro. did the guy from the hospital tell us?
Did you give the wrong address?
First. address me politely. I'm not your drinking buddy.
And secondly: The address isn't wrong. The damn gringo lives here.
Ah. I understand. Don Pedro.
-Should we wait for him here? -No.
He's not coming back.
Normally. I don't allow anyone to live here without identification.
You know that. Mazas.
Amalia. I beg you. I would vouch for this man with my life.
I have... Don't you trust me?
Of course not.
Listen. Amalia. I want to be completely honest with you.
This story is truly sad. and I hope
that she does not leave this room.
My friend escaped from the nursing home.
into which his son put him.
He dumped him there to settle in his house.
Would you trust your own child to do something like that?
Look at his face.
Do you think this is what a dangerous man looks like?
-No no?
No. not good. Be sexier.
It seems like you're feeling uncomfortable.
-I feel unwell too. -Yes. that looks good.
You know what? Take the blanket away.
No. no. absolutely not. Hands off.
-Come on. get rid of the blanket. -No!
Come here! You're a perverted little pig. aren't you?
That was just a joke. so stay calm.
-Yes. I know. I'm sorry. -What's wrong?
I just remembered something.
An was?
I didn't really want to tell you this. but...
I found it quite unpleasant.
Do you know your neighbor?
I met him in the elevator. and...
Well. he didn't actually do anything.
But he was standing very close to me.
And maybe I'm just imagining it. but
Damn. there was plenty of space.
Should I talk to him?
No no.
It doesn't matter. I'm probably just seeing ghosts.
—Come on now. Take the blanket off. —No. no. no.
-Get rid of the blanket. —Not just me.
—Only with you. —I just want a photo.
Please. just one single nude photo of you.
Apparently. an old gringo was spotted in the Alza district.
Maybe it's nothing at all.
Nothing at all?
"Absolutely nothing" is what we have now.
Tell the boys to check all the guesthouses and hotels.
You shouldn't miss any. Down.
Get down! Get down! Go away! Get lost!
What's wrong. Boss? Aren't you into girls?
—She's damn hot! —Yes. yes.
I'm sure you can judge that.
This young generation.
Resist all temptations
and knows no mercy. Like damned Herod.
What do you say?
Have you never heard of Herod?
The Devil himself.
Nobody knows who he is.
Or what he looks like.
No photos of the bastard. no videos. nothing.
Everything that is known about him.
is that he was at the baptism of one of the boys
Sefiora Turön's enemies in Mexico. and he slaughtered everyone there.
And when I say "everyone". I mean men. women and children.
I doubt that bastard can still sleep peacefully.
-With that shit on his conscience. -Shut your mouth.
You're just a moron.
A stupid. complete idiot.
Listen. Don Pedro.
You asked me for respect. didn't you?
Then respect me too.
Bring me my teeth.
Look.
That must be him.
Hey!
Are you the tiger?
Can't you see my stripes?
We're here because of Olga. A whore who was killed last week.
And the one who worked for you.
We still need to clarify a few things.
I have not seen anything.
I haven't heard anything. and I know nothing.
And I won't tell you anything either.
And with your sweet Mexican features
You're definitely not cops.
You can make it easy or difficult for yourself. asshole.
Okay. I think I have something to confess to you.
I am not the tiger at all.
I work for him.
But you should discuss important issues with the Tiger in person.
Oh. are you the two beauties who want to see the tiger?
Just a moment. I'll get it for you.
Here he is.
Who wants to suck it first?
You or you?
Well. friends? Did you enjoy the big tiger?
You sick freak.
Pedro!
Bloody Welchser.
Don't kill me. Please.
Kill you? No. no.
I'm taking you to my boss so she can play with you.
That must be a nightmare.
No. dude.
You wake up from a nightmare.
So? Am I the man you're looking for?
I am becoming more and more convinced.
I love you.
Cursed.
"I love you too." "Yes?"
I love you. I love you.
Everything okay?
What is?
The neighbor?
One damn sound and I'll put a bullet in your head and your wife's.
You have a daughter. right?
You shouldn't let them play in the bathroom.
It may be dangerous.
This is the last voicemail you will receive from me.
Now you can rot away for all I care.
What's up?
-That was good. -Yes. it was.
-Would you like another drink? -Sure. please.
Juanfri!
As always.
Was it your husband?
Should I tell you something?
You are crazy.
But you don't deserve that crap.
I didn't know you were so empathetic.
I am like dirt.
I become softer when exposed to liquids.
What is your first name?
I never asked you.
Gilbert.
Gili?
Gili Puertas?
I never know if you're laughing or crying.
No. I will not cry anymore.
Let's take a look at Pallaräs' phone.
I'm sure you'll find something "spicy".
The forensic medical examiner says.
That she was murdered between 3:00 and 4:00 AM. right?
Yes.
During that time. he made two calls in a row.
Two of his contacts. Both lawyers.
Do you think the old man will kill again?
I would. yes.
-And? -Sefior San Romän?
Yes. Who's there?
This is Commissioner Inäs Iborra speaking.
I'm sorry. what ?
I am Commissioner Ine's Iborra of the Basque police.
I'll call.
Because we have reason to believe that your life is in danger.
Do you have a few minutes for me?
Help! Changing room!
Mr. San Román? Hello?
Mr. San Román?
Hello? Can you hear me?
Are you still there?
UNKNOWN
Mr. San Roman? Mr. San Roman? Hello?
Hello. can you hear me?
According to?
Theo. is that you?
Mr. San Román?
According to?
Theo. is that you?
Even if karma exists. sometimes a soldier is still needed.
I'll call the remaining lawyer.
No.
We will use him as bait.
My buddy. the killer.
A murderer straight out of a book.
How are you feeling. my friend?
Pretty good.
We should get really drunk to celebrate. shouldn't we?
Yes!
Let's get drunk.
-Yes. -Where did all the booze go?
What? Well. you know. the liver.
I don't have any more alcohol in the house.
Okay.
I'll jump down to the shop and get us a bottle of rum.
Hey. don't start the party until I get back.
No. I'll wait. Hey. gentleman.
I love you. man.
Does having cancer automatically make you a faggot?
Wonderful. Lidia.
Fantastic photos.
Really?
But also very sad.
Yes.
I asked the zookeeper what was happening.
if one of the tigers breaks out.
And do you know what he said?
He said the tiger would not run away.
Because he knows. at least deep in his heart.
that there is no longer a jungle to which he can escape.
—By the way... —What?
Have you spoken to the neighbor?
Did he harass you again?
No. no. On the contrary. They've moved.
Just like that. From one day to the next.
As if they had fled from something.
Is there anything I can do to help you?
Can you?
I hope you can.
Can you see it.
I wanted to ask if you perhaps had a room available.
For a couple like us? You understand.
Yes. of course. There's still space available.
They still have one available. Great. very good.
She has a free slot. She has one free slot.
And just out of pure curiosity:
In any of the rooms that are rented.
is not
purely by chance
An old American?
Thank you.
You're getting heavier every day.
Male. of retirement age. American.
Nothing?
Or you...
Or you can show us all the photos of your guests now.
that matches my description.
Surely you have all the data stored on the computer.
or wherever you put all that crap.
Perhaps you have filed them away.
At least when we see him.
We might recognize him.
That sounds like an old man coughing.
No.
Perhaps you could tell me who's hiding up there!
-I don't know. no. -No? You don't know?
Are you kidding me? Don't be so shy!
Let's take a look at the rooms now.
But don't try anything silly. okay?
Otherwise I'll blow your brains out. understand?
Get moving!
Now plant yourself there and shut the hell up!
Okay. let's finish this.
Are you American?
Yes.
I'm the American. you wanker.
I don't know how to tell you this.
But you look like shit.
I am
Lee
Marvin.
Yes. that's you. Killer.
That's you.
My credit card is on my nightstand.
The secret number is written on a piece of paper in the...
...in the wallet.
Okay. killer. That's good.
Just promise me one thing.
You don't die in bed.
And you will kill even the last scumbag!
Pedro. a 72-year-old man. killed two of our men.
It might be better to hire him.
And to send you complete idiots to hell.
-He is an ex-soldier. -A desk soldier.
He is trained.
His entire military career consisted of eating polvorones.
And you're telling me he's the Universal Soldier?
So. damn it. when are you going to bring it to me?
Yes. the plan is already in place.
-Now I'm curious. -Well.
He will be the one who comes to us.
It's quite simple. We know his plans.
Know what he's planning.
We only need two or three of your best men.
And another cage that he can crawl into himself.
Do you see?
That's the Herod I like.
That just reminded me:
Extend your hand.
Open your hand.
A small souvenir.
I took them away from the pimp.
So you can see that I'm always thinking of you.
Oh. don't tell me you're disgusted!
There's something else.
I guess you don't need to worry about the Mexicans anymore.
Like that?
The guy they sent seems to think you're out of the country.
And that was somewhere in France.
-Nonsense. -Nonsense.
Do you see how well he gets along with the Attorney General?
The prostitute didn't stand a chance.
No. I'm serious. I know what I'm saying.
He's not coming.
He will come.
Not as long as his guard dog is with him.
And?
—Ledesma? —Who is speaking?
What does "who is speaking" mean here?
I am the one who will save your damn skin.
What the hell is he planning to do now?
I have no idea. But the one in the white coat is Turön.
A client of Pallaräs.
And one of the most powerful drug traffickers in the world.
A female murderer and a female drug dealer on a boat.
And we're chasing after an old man with a broken heart.
Darling. what do you think about us leaving here together?
Seriously?
When could we leave?
In a few days. I reckon.
I still have a few things to do. then we can leave.
Where would you like to travel to?
To Mexico.
No.
Not Mexico.
But I would like to learn more about your homeland.
Furthermore: If we're serious. I need to know more about you.
Please stop. Lidia.
Not Mexico. no.
Darling. you have the whole world to choose from.
Yes. good. Okay.
Please wait a moment.
Good evening.
Hey. what's going on over there?
I'll put your cola down first. okay?
Oh yeah. sure. Just don't drop her. kid.
Why do you want to know that?
On me...
So. why do I want to know this? I'm only asking because I...
I have no idea. I just thought I saw an old friend go in there.
Admit it. you want to play!
Nothing. Poker. right?
Minimum stake of one thousand euros.
One thousand euros.
Shit.
Far too easy.
HE SWALLOWED THE BAIT.
Okay. so how exactly is this supposed to work?
What is that?
That's a classic. boss.
Hey. Sefiora Turön said there is no danger to me.
-That wasn't agreed upon. —Keep your hands off.
I think we need to clarify something.
I know I'm the worm on the hook.
I am the bait. Accepted.
But under no circumstances should you get the idea to
to tell me what to do.
Is that clear. you master fisherman?
Don't grin like that. Go back to your position.
Hey. my friend!
Can you watch my suitcase for a moment? I'm going for a smoke.
It's not a bomb.
Clear.
Boss!
I see the gringo.
I've got him in my sights. Give me the order and I'll take him out.
No.
The agreement with Sefiora Turön reads as follows:
that the old bastard rots in prison.
Don't even think about pulling the trigger.
We want him alive.
There you go. Much better.
Think about it.
Think about it. idiot.
Don't mess it up now.
Do you have a light?
Okay. yes.
I am a big fan of your work.
And now let us see your paws.
Come on.
Sefior Theo Wemberg.
I am Commissioner Iborra.
And I arrest you.
Wait. One second.
My suitcase. We have to go back again.
-You have some ideas. -Just because of a suitcase?
Come on! We have to go back again!
Shut up. damn it!
Come on! I still have my suitcase at the bar!
We can't leave him there! We have to go back!
You don't need a suitcase where you're going.
My wife!
Your clothes are in there!
They'll throw everything away! Everything I still have!
If his wife's clothes are in there...
Come on. I beg you.
Well. if you're good. you'll get them from Santa Claus.
Damn old fart.
He will get your suitcase.
Satisfied?
You think you're a knight in shining armor. am I right?
He takes revenge for his beloved.
Nun...
Shall I tell you something?
She didn't love you.
We spoke to her colleagues. and they all said the same thing.
Unfortunately. Olga only saw you as a walking ATM.
As a sad old man whom she could fleece.
without even having to take off her panties.
They probably see themselves as romantic heroes.
But in reality. you are just an under-enlightened murderer.
To be honest.
I prefer people who kill out of hatred.
At least they don't look so stupid.
when I tell them the truth.
-You know nothing about it... —What do you mean?
What I mean is: they could never understand that.
because those who live in a world of generalizations.
takes no notice of the simple life.
Wow.
Love makes you a poet or a killer.
I didn't do it for her. but for myself.
Namely.
to feel somehow different.
like a pathetic old man just waiting to die.
I wanted to feel
which I had felt for a few hours every Thursday.
They thought she was worthless.
It wouldn't mean anything to anyone.
Those nasty pigs were wrong.
They thought they could kill her and it wouldn't matter.
I showed them what murder feels like.
What murder looks like.
And I almost got that last piece of shit too.
Yes.
I guess they've finally met their match.
Funny.
Or not?
There is no great difference between love and hate.
when it comes to murder.
Killing out of pure self-respect. to be who you once were.
I know exactly what you mean.
Better than you think.
Once it's done. you have nowhere to hide.
Get the hell out of here before my partner comes back.
Police?
I have something to say about this.
And that's why my name is Giliberto.
Where is he?
We didn't get him.
I should arrest you.
What are you waiting for?
Eventually you will be all alone.
Boss. Jungchen.
I'd say. the damn gringo
He smelled a rat and went back home.
So what are we still doing here?
They promised me Pancho Villa. and what do I get?
Here stands Clown Number One. and there we have Clown Number Two.
I'll call Turön.
Sit down. you stupid wanker! And shut your fucking mouth!
Yes you are right.
You're the shitty bait.
And do you know what anglers think of their bait?
A damp mess.
And you. it was the daughter.
It was the baptism of the daughter of one of Turön's enemies.
No. not a boy.
And yes. I sleep wonderfully at night.
Now go upstairs and wait.
You do what I say. asshole.
Hey. hey. h6)'-
Put the weapons away. Put the guns away.
Hey. you. open the door.
I don't even know what to say to them.
You're a lawyer. right?
Talk to the police. It's your damn job.
-Good evening. Mr. Officer. -Good evening.
Can I help in any way?
We have received reports of suspicious activity.
We obviously need to check that.
I'm afraid this is just a false alarm.
Hier. Marcos Ledesma.
I am a criminal defense lawyer.
Don't worry. I'll make sure
that no law will be broken in this house.
Okay? Good night.
Screw it. damned Herod.
Bite me.
Come on. let's get in here!
-He's up there! -Saint Mary Blanche.
Give me your eyes. so that I may escape my enemies.
We're coming by water. They don't stand a chance.
Okay. we're here.
We're getting ready to storm the building.
Can anyone tell us how many men are waiting for us inside?
What were you thinking?
Shit. why are you just firing away like that?
Pretty cool. shooting cops. Right. Herod?
You've ruined the whole plan. moron.
Listen. moth.
Perhaps I'm old-fashioned.
But my enemies are bulls.
Damned criminals. just like you or me.
But children? In a church. man?
Killing helpless children is the work of the devil.
And you know what?
Saint Maria Blanca gave me permission to
to send you to hell once and for all.
Open fire!
Come on. comrades!
No. no. no. be careful!
We're in!
Nobody here!
Please. I didn't do anything. I...
Don't talk bullshit. you dirty wanker.
I didn't kill her. It was Pallaräs.
Pallaräs did it.
You are in the house of the Lord.
Please.
Please don't do that.
Don't do it.
I am a good person.
Yes.
Two puppies are waiting for me at home. They are alone.
And they need me.
I can give you money. A lot of money.
I can protect you.
Yes.
I can send you another girl.
Yes. better than the other one.
A girl who doesn't even look like a shitty prostitute...
No no!
Don't do it! Don't do it.
Oh. come on.
Do you know why people like you and your friends still exist?
Because we no longer use the skulls of our enemies as drinking vessels.
According to.
Shit. What now?
I guess you're not a priest!
It's over. old man.
Drop the weapon.
Seriously?
You've come a long way. Theo.
I mean.
an officer who was never actually deployed.
An officer?
Shit. are you trying to flatter me?
You're still breathing. Maybe you should just be grateful.
Thankful?
What makes you think I'm afraid of dying?
But you.
You have something worth living for.
Not true?
When you're old. you've seen it all.
There's nothing new to report.
For example. fear.
Fear in another person's eyes. Like I see it in yours.
The only man who isn't afraid to die.
He is the one who believes he is already dead.
And who said it?
That fucking Lee Marvin.
Also a proud US Marine.
Take advice from an old man.
Whatever it is that you fear losing.
Go back to your cage and protect it.
While I take care of that nasty pig.
No!
A fierce shooting took place last night at the harbor near the old town.
Apparently. several members of a still unknown gang had joined forces.
barricaded inside a building.
According to initial findings. the renowned lawyer was also present.
and court-appointed lawyer Marcos Ledesma in the house.
which was ultimately stormed by the police...
It is him.
We checked your husband's mobile phone.
The battery was dead. That's why we couldn't locate it.
We've inserted a new one.
And several missed calls from you were displayed.
-Do you have the phone? -Puertas has it.
Doors!
Just call me back if you hear this.
I have good news.
I will never forget the look on your face when I pressed the shutter.
It was a bullseye.
That was a really good shot. you have to admit.
Now I finally have my life back.
This is the last voicemail you will receive from me.
Now you can rot away for all I care.
If that's alright with you.
I would say. let's listen to the last saved message together.
Hello.
It's me again. That pest.
How stupid of me to think you would change.
What a waste of time waiting for this.
But do you know what the worst part is?
That I still love you.
I love you and I miss you.
Was that all?
That's all. Sefior Inspector.
My sincere condolences. Commissioner Iborra.
We will do everything in our power.
to find your husband's murderer.
Doors.
Karma needs soldiers too. Commissioner.
For a retiree. I'm doing pretty well.
I have a bed. I get a hot meal.
I can rest.
and I am respected.
—The suitcase is for Grandpa. —I'll give it to him.
They know who I am. What I've done. And why.
I even have a handful of men who follow me everywhere.
For them I am
a kind of guru.
Sorry. Grandpa.
Have you already made a decision?
I owe everything to the moment I understood.
that in this world things become clearer when you look at them directly.
Should I take care of the pedophile who arrived yesterday?
No worries.
I'll take care of him.
I'll kill him.